Hi Himani,

If you are reading this then most probably we will never meet. We were in the same class in some tuition classes. You were so smart and charming and you still are today. A topper student, I was attracted to you instantly. I always wanted to talk to you but I never had the courage. And then time went by. I tried to talk to you. Me and another boy always tried to get the attention of the class. You and Trusti always asked doubts in the class, which would annoy all the boys but you still asked without caring for other's opinions. We always had fun in the class. Even though we never talked much, I always felt this magnetic energy towards you. you would see me write some things on the board and you ask me If I wanted to become a teacher but I still did not dare to answer and I stood there saying nothing and you started talking to other girls. Once you cycle was stuck in other cycles and I was going home but I stopped and helped you, in that exact moment when I was removing another cycle from yours I had this blood rush in my brain. I was feeling some that I to this day cannot explain. I always wanted to talk to you and tell you that I just wanted to be friends with you but, I still did not have the courage. then the exams came and classes stopped and after the exam, you went pursue something unexpected and I went on my way. 

You see till here you were my ideal. You were my first crush!!! and Chances were I would never meet you again. But I still hoped that someday we would meet and talk. you see I have this stupid optimism about everything and I believed that we would meet someday. I always had a chance to talk to you but I never really tried.   With this stupid optimism I moved on. Once when I had the courage I tried to contact you but then I faced the second problem I did not know what should I talk with you. Still being naive I started some random ass conversation and we talked alright. But then again I hit that stage were I had nothing to talk to you about and we stopped talking.  I again moved on then you did something unexpected again. Which is so awesome of you and suits you but, I lost my final hope. I hope to still just talk to you. 

 And so here we are, I don't know why But for somedays you were in my dreams. I know this sounds stupid but It meant that you were still in my head somewhere. And as I have moved on from a hopeless optimistic Romeo to a realistic stupid. 
I felt that should communicate my feeelings to you once and final time. 99.99% chances are you will not read till here. If you are reading till here then I have some more respect for you. but now just it is just respect. you and I will probably never meet. If we do meet I will ask you for a Date with me with that's just hopless dude talking again. 

Even if you didn't notice  you were part of my most memorable year of life and you made it special for me. Thank you for that. I hope you will crush every problem in your life like you have been crushing till now. I think this is my time and I know for a fact that we will never meet so with this wishes , Best of luck for you life.

- Your Admirer 
      
If you have real this full article then you are an awesome person and I understand why I liked you so much
Goodbye :)

Ohhh yes I am focusing on my studies and my life it's just that some random processer in my mind was still processing you. I had to clear it's cache. 
 
